# Report
---
These are the distinct values associated with metadata.oai_dc:dc.dc:rights:

1. This work is the property of The Tennessee State Library and Archives, Nashville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
2. This work is the property of The Tennessee State Library and Archives, Nashville,TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
3. This work is the property of The University of Georgia Libraries. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
4. This work is the property of the Tennessee State Library and Archives, Nashville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the Tennessee State Library and Archives, 403 Seventh Avenue North, Nashville, TN 37243-0312. (615) 741-2764.
5. This work is the property of The University of Tennessee Special Collections Library. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
6. This work is the property of the Tennessee State Library and Archives, Nashville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this ! statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the Tennessee State Library and Archives, 403 Seventh Avenue North, Nashville, TN 37243-0312. (615) 741-2764.
7. This work is the property of The Albert Gore Research Center, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro, TN 37132. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact The Albert Gore Research Center, P.O. Box 193, Middle Tennessee State University, Murfreesboro, TN 37132.
8. This work is the property of the University of Tennessee Special Collections Library. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
9. This work is the property of the McClung Historical Collection, Knox County Public Library, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the Manager of the McClung Historical Collection, 500 West Church Avenue, Knoxville, TN, 37902-2505. (865) 215-8801.
10. This work is the property of the McClung Museum, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
11. This work in the property of the Frank H. McClung Museum, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. All other use is prohibited without the express written permission of the copyright holder.
12. This work is the property of the Memphis Public Library, Memphis, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the Memphis Public Library, 3030 Poplar Avenue, Memphis, TN 38111
13. This work is the property of The University of Tennessee Special Collections Library, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
14. This work is the property of the University of Tennessee Special Collections Library, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
15. This work is the property of the Special Collections Library, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the Special Collections Librarian, Hoskins Library, University of Tennessee, 1401 Cumberland Avenue, Knoxville, TN 37996. (865) 974-4480.
16. This work is the property of the Special Collections Library, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
17. This work is the property of the Special Collections Library, University of Tennessee, Knoxville, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For commercial use contact the Special Collections Librarian, Hoskins Library, University of Tennessee, 1401 Cumberland Avenue, Knoxville, TN 37996. (865) 974-4480.
18. This work is the property of the Tennessee State Library and Archives, Nashville, Tennessee. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
19. This work is the property of the Tennessee State Museum, Nashville, Tennessee. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text.
20. This work is the property of the University of Memphis Libraries, Special Collections Department, Ned R. McWherter Library, Memphis, TN. It may be used freely by individuals for research, teaching, and personal use as long as this statement of availability is included in the text. For all other use contact the University of Memphis Libraries, 126 Ned R. McWherter Library, The University of Memphis, Memphis, TN 38152-6500.
