# Report
---
These are the distinct values associated with metadata.oai_dc:dc.dc:rights:

1. Digital Image Copyright (c) 2003. Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee. Permission granted for reproduction (print, photocopies, download) for use in research and teaching, provided proper attribution of source is made in all copies. Form of attribution to use: [description of item], SCHOLARS, SCOUNDRELS, AND THE SPHINX: A Photographic and Archaeological Adventure Up the Nile, presented courtesy of Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee. For all other uses contact: Curator, Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee, 1327 Circle Park Drive, Knoxville, TN 37996-3200. Phone number for inquiries: 865-974-2144. Museum Web Site URL: http://mcclungmuseum.utk.edu/
2. Digital Image Copyright (c) 2010. Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee. Permission granted for reproduction (print, photocopies, download) for use in research and teaching, provided proper attribution of source is made in all copies. Form of attribution to use: [description of item], SCHOLARS, SCOUNDRELS, AND THE SPHINX: A Photographic and Archaeological Adventure Up the Nile, presented courtesy of Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee. For all other uses contact: Curator, Frank H. McClung Museum, The University of Tennessee, 1327 Circle Park Drive, Knoxville, TN 37996-3200. Phone number for inquiries: 865-974-2144. Museum Web Site URL: http://mcclungmuseum.utk.edu/
